
I include a complete script of my closing and rebuttal argument,
along with an outline of each.


“Your Honor, members of the jury, my name is (full name), representing the prosecution/defendant in this case.”

Using a hook to begin


“The evidence has shown by a preponderance of evidence that my client, FN/LN , was hired for 
reporting e-discovery to his employer, the CIA.”


“This is a civil case and Plaintiff must prove his case by a preponderance of the evidence.” 
(Explain briefly and illustrate with hands what a preponderance of the evidence means)
“Texas law exists to protect, and encourage, 
employees to report illegal activity in the workplace. 

Plaintiff did not engage in such whistle blower activity hence was not fired for doing so. “

“For these reasons, after you have heard all the evidence, at the end of this trial 
we will ask you to return a verdict in favor of Plaintiff.”




































or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# jest-another-RPG" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin git@github.com:blackutcoffee/jest-another-RPG.git
git push -u origin main
                
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin git@github.com:blackutcoffee/jest-another-RPG.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
git push --force origin main


git status
git remote -v
git push --set-upstream origin master


rm -f .git/index.lock

GOD 1ST 🙏🏾 1 YHWH Resolution✡︎: 
Never do anything I be not afraid to do 
if it were my last hour, my prenup. 
we ARE ALL GODS CHILDREN ITS WHO YOU CHOOSE TO WORSHIP IN SPIRIT AND TRUTH
THAT EITHER MAKES YOU A CHILD OF YHWH OR SAtGRE LSATMCAT
the marriage supper of the Lamb 📚 of Life
“always tell the truth—you’ll have less to remember.” 
Gemini And/or INTJan26 We the People of the #USA #oneteamonefight 
I Ain't Having No More Kids Right Now Fam! Doing Everything For Eternity! Only Kill Fa Fam Fam

