1) Facts that establish the credibility/qualifications of the witness
2) Background/foundational facts that show how your witness knows what he/she knows
3) Facts that help demonstrate your theory and theme of the case. Focus on what really
matters. You do not have to address every possible point that might help your side.

4) Harmful facts that will be brought out in cross examination by the opposing side (gives
you the first chance to address it before the other side harps on it)
5) For expert witnesses, see the foundation that must be established under Federal Rule of
Evidence 702.
6) Typically organized chronologically for non-expert witnesses.
7) For experts, typical organization is: 
	(1) Qualifications/background; 
	(2) How got involved
with case, what evidence examined; 
	(3) What methods used; 
	(4) What opinions reached;
	(5) Explanation of each opinion (often with a visual aid of some kind).









































or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# jest-another-RPG" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin git@github.com:blackutcoffee/jest-another-RPG.git
git push -u origin main
                
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin git@github.com:blackutcoffee/jest-another-RPG.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
git push --force origin main


git status
git remote -v
git push --set-upstream origin master


rm -f .git/index.lock

GOD 1ST 🙏🏾 1 YHWH Resolution✡︎: 
Never do anything I be not afraid to do 
if it were my last hour, my prenup. 
we ARE ALL GODS CHILDREN ITS WHO YOU CHOOSE TO WORSHIP IN SPIRIT AND TRUTH
THAT EITHER MAKES YOU A CHILD OF YHWH OR SAtGRE LSATMCAT
the marriage supper of the Lamb 📚 of Life
“always tell the truth—you’ll have less to remember.” 
Gemini And/or INTJan26 We the People of the #USA #oneteamonefight 
I Ain't Having No More Kids Right Now Fam! Doing Everything For Eternity! Only Kill Fa Fam Fam

