https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federalist_Society
Deputy Director, Development
Entity Development · Washington D.C., District of Columbia
Develper Career
Over-Time
Substantiated Experience
Understandable Litigation
DEPUTY DIRECTOR, DEVELOPMENT - OUR FEDERALIST SOCIETY    

The Federalist Society, a conservative/libertarian 501c3 venue that seeks to advise the legal/public policy debate, seeks an Deputy Director to work in our Development division. 
The ideal candidate should be highly organized, detail-oriented, and self-motivated, 
with an interest in legal and judicial issues and a commitment to the mission of The 
Federalist Society (www.fedsoc.org). Candidates should enjoy working in a 
fast-paced environment with short-term and long-term deadlines.  
The position requires  Bachelor’s degree required.  
This position is intended for candidates with 
some 2-4 years of work experience preferably in development/fund raising work.

 
WHAT WILL YOU DO

 
Maintaining, organizing, and directing all the NIST e-Discovery plus all donor communications.
Managing Partner/intern for clerical Development Department. 

Putting A Hole In One and/or redefining more effective internal processes RE operations 
of the aforeluded Caste.

Monitoring the terms/conditions of restricted domains/donations And/or 
dialoguing with the Director-In-Charge expressed terms ensuring optimal compliance.

Implementing policy modifications that can enhance/assist OUR FEDERALIST SOCIETY RE 
ingenuity in both forming and nurturing a venue dedicated to preserving the 
rule of Constitutional law for rising stars in the legal sect. 

Processing all donations only in support of the Director in all activities associated 
with fund raising/seeds i.e. Margin Of Safety. 
 
My only sole purpose/objective of pursing this career is to provide events/tools that encourage 
constructive academic discourse. 
The aforesaid encouragement helps not only foster Constitutional growth but helps propel
development of rigorous ivy league scholarship.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED


12 plus years of professional experience substantiveky in fund raising development. 

Baccalaureate In Governmental Quantum-Cyber-Psychology. 

Linux Organization And/or process oriented to streamline CI/CM RE 
routine/mundane automated work.

Excellent interpersonal acumen alongside effectively clear collaboration skills.

Strong legal clerk, writing/editing, organizational skills with the capability to 
multitask honorable law school chief editing competencies.

Proficiency in Microsoft/Linux/Google/IBM Suite Applications with emphasis on 
Reverse Malware Engineering Exploit fluency and Polymorphic Macro development.
 
Salesforce plus professional SQL-NoSQL--database/CRM understanding notwithstanding
humbleness and dignity, plus constructive critisim And/or character belief in ONLY
the mission of Our Founding Fathers. 
 
Overall, Our Society's efforts focus on improving all U.S. citizens understanding RE our Founding Fathers(i.e Thomas Edison) 
principles/values underlying American law.
 
Under Oath, I Swear to provide opportunities for only effective participation 
in our Society's foreign/domestic policy venue. 


WHO WE ARE

Founded in 1982, the Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies is a group of conservatives and libertarians dedicated to reforming the current legal order. We are committed to the principles that the state exists to preserve freedom, that the separation of governmental powers is central to our Constitution, and that it is emphatically the duty of the judiciary to say what the law is, not what it should be. By providing a forum for legal experts of opposing views to interact with members of the legal profession, the Society has redefined the terms of legal debate. 
 The Society is a membership organization that features a Student, a Lawyers, and a Faculty Division. Our active membership includes more than 10,000 law students at nearly every ABA-accredited law school, as well as more than 65,000 legal professionals in chapters in more than 100 cities.  
 Finally, the Federalist Society provides opportunities for effective participation in the public policy process. The Society’s ongoing programs encourage our members to involve themselves more actively in local, state, and national affairs, and to contribute more productively to their communities.

 
WHY PEOPLE WORK HERE
Our staff is deeply committed to the mission of “FedSoc,” as we are affectionately known. 
We are conservatives and libertarians working for a well-known 
organization in Washington D.C. and throughout the United States. 
We do not lobby for specific policies—instead we focus on our mission, 
which is to impact the quality and depth of discourse about governing and our Constitution. 
 We are opinionated, focused, optimistic, pragmatic, 
and anxious to engage with others. Those who come to FedSoc 
believe deeply in the rule of law, and our conversations 
naturally flow from that belief. Those with a 
well-developed and perhaps a quirky sense of humor, a 
desire to understand the law for its own sake, 
and those who are strongly self-disciplined (because we all operate without a lot of oversight) do well here. We are “all in” kind of people. We tend to thrive on great books and great film, and we are thorough and committed.
 
WHERE YOU’LL WORK
 
Being located in the APEX of our nation’s capital, aroundabout three blocks from the White House; 
can't wait to travel on the West Metro Station.
 
WHAT OTHERS SAY ABOUT US

 “Resolved, Never to do any manner of thing, whether in soul or body, less or more, but what tends to the glory
of God, nor be, nor suffer it, if I can possibly avoid it."
-Jonathan Edwards, Pastor, Yale

SUBSTANTIVE ACTION?

Very interested: please seek my attached cover letter, resume, and/or coding sample
https://github.com/blackutcoffee